Add troubleshooting (#44)
cloudogu/dogu-development-docs: docs/important/troubleshooting_en.md

During a restart loop, you have the following options to bring the container to a stable state:
- During development, the best way you can do is to overwrite the entrypoint of the container.
    - `ENTRYPOINT ["tail", "-f", "/dev/null"]` instead of `CMD ["/resources/startup.sh"]`.
    - Alternatively, a `sleep --infinite` can be written anywhere in the startup script.
- In production, a container must be stopped manually in a restart loop and restarted with a commit:
```bash
docker stop ldap
# commit the stopped container to a local debug image
docker commit hashFromYourStoppedContainer_cebf8699cd9d debug/ldap
# the volume arguments can be generated with docker inspect
docker inspect ldap -f '{{range.Mounts}}-v {{.Source}}:{{.Destination}} {{end}}'
# debug your dogu container
docker run -ti \
--rm \
# here goes the docker volume list from above
-v /etc/ces:/etc/ces \
-v /var/lib/ces/ldap/volumes/_private:/private \
-v /var/lib/ces/ldap/volumes/config:/etc/openldap/slapd.d \
-v /var/lib/ces/ldap/volumes/db:/var/lib/openldap \
--entrypoint=/bin/sh --network cesnet1 --name ldap --hostname ldap \
debug/ldap
```

## Logging output is missing or has wrong granularity

> There are many reasons why completely/partially missing logging output or the wrong logging output occurs.

Reviewer: The mistake in the german version got directly translated to the english version.
```suggestion
There can be many reasons why there is completely/partially missing logging output or the wrong logging output occurs.
```
